Advise against using WEEK granularity for Native Batch and MSQ (#14341)
apache/druid: docs/ingestion/ingestion-spec.md

| Field | Description | Default |
|-------|-------------|---------|
| type |`uniform`| `uniform` |

> | segmentGranularity | [Time chunking](../design/architecture.md#datasources-and-segments) granularity for this datasource. Multiple segments can be created per time chunk. For example, when set to `day`, the events of the same day fall into the same time chunk which can be optionally further partitioned into multiple segments based on other configurations and input size. Any [granularity](../querying/granularities.md) can be provided here. Note that all segments in the same time chunk should have the same segment granularity.<br /><br />Avoid `WEEK` granularity for data partitioning due to alignment complications with months and years. You should opt for other partitioning options such as `DAY` or `MONTH`, which offers better alignment and flexibility.| `day` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| segmentGranularity | [Time chunking](../design/architecture.md#datasources-and-segments) granularity for this datasource. Multiple segments can be created per time chunk. For example, when set to `day`, the events of the same day fall into the same time chunk which can be optionally further partitioned into multiple segments based on other configurations and input size. Any [granularity](../querying/granularities.md) can be provided here. Note that all segments in the same time chunk should have the same segment granularity.<br /><br />Avoid `WEEK` granularity for data partitioning due to alignment complications with months and years. Instead, opt for other partitioning options such as `DAY` or `MONTH`, which offer better alignment and flexibility.| `day` |
```
